docs: Improve Pilot Overview page with Steps component and enhanced formatting (#142)
Promptless/docs: fern/docs/pilot-guide.mdx

### Setting up Promptless Connectors

<Steps>
  <Step title="Connect source code repositories">
    Connect GitHub, GitHub Enterprise, GitLab, or Bitbucket
  </Step>

  <Step title="Connect documentation platforms">

>     Connect your documentation CMS or publishing platform (such as Fern, Docusaurus, ReadMe, Zendesk, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Connect your documentation CMS or publishing platform, whether on Github (e.g. if you use Mintlify, Fern, Readme, Docusaurus, etc) or on a CMS like Zendesk. 
```
